guess where I am I am in an airplane
hangar
but Howard Hughes is not taking off in
his golden helicopter I am standing in
the middle of a media Mecca a digital
playground these stone-cold straight-up
epicenter of infotainment
welcome to another episode of smart
girls at the party the show that
celebrates individuals who are changing
the world by being themselves with me
today is comedian actress blogger and
truth-teller on a daily basis grace hey
grace hi thank you for being here thank
you for having me very welcome well
welcome to our show
grace you have a youtube channel yes
tell us about it I have a youtube
channel called Daily Grace where I make
daily vlogs every weekday Monday through
Friday and every day has a different
category mondays are miscellaneous
Tuesday at comment on comments Wednesday
I review something Thursday I teach you
how to do something and Friday is sexy
Friday okay tell me how do you get into
comedy I have funny brothers I'm a girl
and I have five brothers and so yeah two
brothers and three step brothers and
they're all hilarious and so all I
wanted to do growing up was make them
laugh and so that really kind of pushed
me to want to make other people besides
them left I do a thing on the Smart
Girls channel a show called ask Amy
where I yeah and they're my favorite
episodes great and it's hard to talk to
the camera and I sometimes I have to do
one or two versions before I get it
right do you do that too no you do once
only yeah unless I there's been one or
two times that I've like just been like
this is nothing what I'm saying isn't
going to turn into anything great but a
lot of the times I only do one take
because I know the editing is where I
can turn it into something I I do that
talking to camera thing and I realize
that you end up sharing an intimacy
yes easily you're talking to how do you
reveal things about yourself without
revealing too much that's a great
question because there is this fine line
because the Internet is this totally
intimate experience that you're having
with someone in their actual apartment
one-on-one hypothetically and so people
feel like you're their best friend and
so when you don't reveal certain things
to them they feel like they're you're
not telling them the truth and you
realize that oh it's because they're
personally invested in us as having a
real friendship which is what makes the
Internet's so great but at the same time
it's like I do have a private life that
exists offline have you always been
confident no not at all why don't you
get your confidence it's a lot of it has
come through internet and through
surrounding myself with people that I
enjoy that inspire me artistically and
personally and so if I look back on my
high school experience a lot of people
asked like what were you like in high
school I was shy I was quiet and I was
into sports and it wasn't until I
started taking improv classes and
putting myself out there that I found my
voice and my confidence I mean I'm not
the most confident person in the world
what do you do when you don't feel
confident you would remind yourself if
you don't feel confident that is what
you're doing enjoyable is it fun and it
might seem scary but sphere doesn't mean
it's not enjoyable and so you need to
figure out and this is though every time
someone's like what kind of advice you
give a say do something in your life
that is fun for you because why else are
we living like if we're not going to
enjoy ourselves or try and put ourselves
in situations that we can have fun in so
if you're if you're not confident find a
way to have fun it's silly and the thing
is like nothing really matters not to
get too deep like nothing really matter
you like going really deep yeah we like
going real deep mm-hmm um speaking of
deep it's time for a hard-hitting
question that and it is a question that
I can't let you leave without you
answering would you rather spend a week
sleeping in an igloo or sleeping in a
treehouse
um okay I your people asked us not to
ask that question I know I know I know
I'd have to say I'd rather live in a
treehouse I saw Swiss Family Robinson
they were having a great time did they
all die at the end I don't remember I
remember either I feel like they lived
okay
because we I feel like we would have
different memories about it if they had
all died yeah I have a very fun memory
of Swiss Family Robinson so I'm gonna go
with that unless they died then igloo
Meredith
ah treehouse treehouse great and I am
going to say treehouse because I hate
the cold weather yeah
and although I guess egg loser may be
warm I don't understand well the science
of an igloo very much I've never
actually been in a real igloo before now
so kind of a party in there yeah maybe
they're great and I just don't know fear
of unknown maybe they keep it cold to
keep the amateurs out but yeah they they
know that the real party's inside the
igloo but they want everybody to think
that it's like ah it's like an exclusive
club yeah it's like that Club where they
have like all the glasses made of ice
yeah that Club does not look fun we
should open up a club called igloo and
we should just complain about how cold
it is nobody comes into it all the Yelp
reviews are made by us and it's already
talking about how horrible the place so
lame it's so cold why would you ever go
and every time we go in there we like it
so dance floor is empty why is having
fear Wow grace thank you so much for
coming thank you very often yeah you and
we love watching you and expect big
things in the future for you and thank
you so much for being a part of smart
girls at the party okay so we're gonna
end this episode like we end every
episode one
you